client/README.md, before:

# EPA AVERT Web App

Front-end of the AVERT web app built with React and Redux (bootstrapped with [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)).

## Local Development

Front-end app depends on a local instance of the [server app](/server) running, so view the ['Local Development' section](/server#local-development) of the _server_ app.

## Cloud.gov Deployment

**NOTE:** See _server_ app's ['Cloud.gov Deployment' section](/server#cloudgov-deployment) for more info on deploying for Development and Production.

### Development Deployment

- The app is configured to be deployed to Cloud.gov at the following route: https://avert-dev.app.cloud.gov

  If that route ever needs to change, make sure you update the `REACT_APP_URL` environment variable set in the `.env.development` file to reflect the updated route.

- Ensure you're in this directory ([client](/client)) in a terminal session and enter:  
  `npm run build:dev`

- Follow the deployment instructions found in the [server app’s README](/server#development-deployment).

### Production Deployment

- The app is configured to be deployed to Cloud.gov at the following route: https://avert.app.cloud.gov

  If that route ever needs to change, make sure you update the `REACT_APP_URL` environment variable set in the `.env.production` file to reflect the updated route.

- Ensure you're in this directory ([client](/client)) in a terminal session and enter:  
  `npm run build`

- Follow the deployment instructions found in the [server app’s README](/server#production-deployment).

Commit message:

Update all README files with latest development/deployment info, and add setup npm script to top level orchestrating app

client/README.md, after:

# EPA AVERT Web App

Front end of the AVERT web app built with React and Redux (bootstrapped with [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)).

## Local Development

Running the **client app** locally depends on a running local instance of the [server app](/server). Please view the 'Local Development' section of the [repository’s README](../README.md) to get started.

## Cloud.gov Deployment

**NOTE:** See the _server_ app’s ['Cloud.gov Deployment' section](/server#cloudgov-deployment) after following the client app’s build steps below.

### Development Deployment

- The app is configured to be deployed to Cloud.gov at the following development route: https://avert-dev.app.cloud.gov

  If that route ever changes, update the `REACT_APP_URL` environment variable set in the `.env.development` file to reflect the updated route.

- Ensure you're in this directory ([client](/client)) and run:  
  `npm run build:dev`

- Follow the 'Development Deployment' instructions found in the [server app’s README](/server#development-deployment).

### Production Deployment

- The app is configured to be deployed to Cloud.gov at the following production route: https://avert.app.cloud.gov

  If that route ever changes, update the `REACT_APP_URL` environment variable set in the `.env.production` file to reflect the updated route.

- Ensure you're in this directory ([client](/client)) and run:  
  `npm run build`

- Follow the 'Production Deployment' instructions found in the [server app’s README](/server#production-deployment).
